DOC: plugin package setup add PEP 621 example (#5626)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/howto/plugin_codes.rst

      $ mkdir aiida_diff_tutorial
      $ mv calculations.py parsers.py aiida_diff_tutorial/
      $ touch aiida_diff_tutorial/__init__.py

   You have just created an ``aiida_diff_tutorial`` Python *package*!

>  * Write a minimalistic project metadata specification ``pyproject.toml`` for new package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add a minimal set of metadata for your package by writing a ``pyproject.toml`` file:
```

        Strictly speaking, ``aiida-diff-tutorial`` is the name of the *distribution*, while ``aiida_diff_tutorial`` is the name of the *package*.
        The aiida-core documentation uses the term *package* a bit more loosely.

>  * Or using ``pyproject.toml`` for new package:

Reviewer: For a howto I would suggest to stick with one option.

The pyproject.toml is a little more verbose and I wonder whether we need to specify flit as the build backend here, but if the consensus is that this is the way to go, you can remove the `setup.py`.

Author: Thanks for the quick reply. I'd vote for only keep `pyproject.toml` since the cookie-cutter is already only has `pyproject.toml` and the 'plugin packaging section is changed to only conform with PEP 621 in this PR. 
Most of cases, beginner users would simply copy and paste the code to have a taste, and then for creating a new plugin, the cookie-cutter should be always the starting point.

Reviewer: Yes, let's keep only the `pyproject.toml`.

As mentioned you can experiment with removing the flit stuff to keep things a bit more "minimal" but that's up to you.
